README.md, before:

NEOS
======

This is the operating system for your [EON Dashcam Development Kit](https://shop.comma.ai/products/eon-dashcam-devkit).

Automatic Update
------

When the time comes, you won't have to do anything, and this should just automatically update your EON. This is the recommended option for most people.

Manual Update / Restore
------

Requirements: unzip, simg2img, fastboot

Clone this repo. Hold power and volume to enter fastboot mode on your EON. Then run:

```
./download.py
./flash.sh
```

<b>NOTE: This will wipe your EON</b>

Restoring on OS X
------

1. Install Homebrew if you don't already have it. It's like apt-get for OS X (a package manager) https://brew.sh
2. `brew install unzip simg2img` which will be needed to build the image
3. `brew cask install android-platform-tools` to install fastboot, which will be required to actually flash your Eon
4. Put your Eon into fastboot mode by turning off your Eon, then holding EON: volume up + power. EON Gold: volume down + power. Select fastboot if needed from the menu.
5. Clone this repo, then cd into the cloned repo and run `./download.py`
6. When done, run `./flash.sh` Your Eon will now be flashed. DO NOT DISCONNECT THE DEVICE!
7. Congratulations! You may now setup your Eon again.

Restoring on Linux
------
Submit a PR with instructions.

Restoring on Windows
------
Submit a PR with instructions.

Commit message:

Update README.md to add built in recovery function

README.md, after:

NEOS
======

This is the operating system for your [EON Dashcam Development Kit](https://shop.comma.ai/products/eon-dashcam-devkit).

Automatic Update
------

When the time comes, you won't have to do anything, and this should just automatically update your EON. This is the recommended option for most people.

Manual Update / Restore
------

Requirements: unzip, simg2img, fastboot

Clone this repo. Hold power and volume to enter fastboot mode on your EON. Then run:

```
./download.py
./flash.sh
```

<b>NOTE: This will wipe your EON</b>


Built-in Restore Tool
------

You can try the EON Gold's built-in recovery tool:
Hold up vol + power while the device is off. 
It should bring up the LeECO recovery tool. Do a System only reset. 
Reboot your device (down + power).
NEOS will ask for an install URL, enter https://openpilot.comma.ai

Restoring on OS X
------

1. Install Homebrew if you don't already have it. It's like apt-get for OS X (a package manager) https://brew.sh
2. `brew install unzip simg2img` which will be needed to build the image
3. `brew cask install android-platform-tools` to install fastboot, which will be required to actually flash your Eon
4. Put your Eon into fastboot mode by turning off your Eon, then holding EON: volume up + power. EON Gold: volume down + power. Select fastboot if needed from the menu.
5. Clone this repo, then cd into the cloned repo and run `./download.py`
6. When done, run `./flash.sh` Your Eon will now be flashed. DO NOT DISCONNECT THE DEVICE!
7. Congratulations! You may now setup your Eon again.

Restoring on Linux
------
Submit a PR with instructions.

Restoring on Windows
------
Submit a PR with instructions.
